feat: introduce reth benchmark command (#8284)
paradigmxyz/reth: bin/reth-bench/README.md

# Benchmarking reth live sync with `reth-bench`

> The binary contained in this directory, `reth-bench`, is a tool that can be used to benchmark the performance of the reth live sync. `reth-bench` is a general tool, and can be used for benchmarking node performance, as long as the node supports the engine API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`reth-bench`, is a tool designed to benchmark performance of reth live sync. It can also be used for spec debugging, as it allows replaying blocks by mocking CL. Performance is measured by latency and gas required to execute a block, as well as gigagas <which we care about as a measure of perf because...>
```

also missed adding this to the review @Rjected, please fill out `<which we care about as a measure of perf because...>`.

background was missing on (1) how perf is measured (units), and (2) why do we care ab this? audience being people who are knowledgeable about the task, but appreciate the small memory jogger before digging in

Author: sg, added some description here

 
 3. **Observe Outputs**: Upon running the command, `reth-bench` will output benchmark results, showing processing speeds and gas usage, which are crucial for analyzing the node's performance.
 
    Example output:
    ```
    2024-05-30T00:45:20.806691Z  INFO Running benchmark using data from RPC URL: http://<rpc-url>:8545
    // ... logs per block
    2024-05-30T00:45:34.203172Z  INFO Total Ggas/s: 0.15 total_duration=5.085704882s total_gas_used=741620668.0
    ```
 
 4. **Stop and Review**: Once the benchmark completes, terminate the `reth` process and review the logs and performance metrics collected, if any.
 5. **Repeat**.

## Additional Considerations

- **RPC Configuration**: The RPC endpoints should be accessible and configured correctly, specifically the RPC endpoint must support `eth_getBlockByNumber` and support fetching full transactions. The benchmark will make one RPC query per block as fast as possible, so ensure the RPC endpoint does not rate limit or block requests after a certain volume.

> - **Reproducibility**: Ensure that the node is at the same state before attempting to retry a benchmark. The `new-payload-fcu` command specifically will commit to the database, so the node must be rolled back using `reth stage unwind` to reproducibly retry benchmarks.

Author: Unwinding takes ~2 minutes for 50k blocks, which seems pretty fast, and the init-state cmd needs an exported state dump which not all users have, so unwinding is probably the best general option imo
